hey I'll Joe track it again I have new
nail collector's edition items while
ignore that longspur scat it's pretty
nice stat I've seen the pictures of it
kind of has the similar appearance to
the Naboo ship you see and phantom
menace and I believe that again in
Revenge of the Sith so yeah it's gonna
be cool
take that hollow camera capture a
screenshot of your immediate
surroundings state of this the state of
the art relic recording device captures
a screenshot from your characters person
okay that's a little weird I thought it
would take it from the perspective of
the camera we'll see how this works in a
second minime xce someone's your
collector's edition mini mcnelis droid
to follow you and passively observe you
on your adventures portable holidays are
Maui training
causing a small bit advanced great
training droid to hover at the side of
the target humanoid enemy
that's 30 seconds okay so it's like a
buff item or uh a buff item but you can
use it in battle probably I don't know
what the cooldown is I'll have to try
that out later but uh and the flare gun
okay VIP lounge wristband we're going to
use that little later okay let's take a
look at this
all right let's try out this flare gun
first if I get a good perspective
uh
wow that can't be good to fire indoors
I'll have to try that outside later and
it's got about a minute cooldown that's
good training droid I'll try that later
or Mahalo dancer see ya set her up right
here
hey
nice
that's pretty cool it'll last that long
also about a minute cooldown Essenes
mini milk pet to your collection okay
oh there it is
that thing
moist of the move a look at ago
freak
I like this that's pretty cool
all right let's take a look at the next
thing I locate
um okay so yeah so basically all it does
let's take a screenshot without the UI
present just as if you were in first
person mode I'm sure there's a way to
disable your UI otherwise so you can
take those type of pictures but yeah I
guess it just makes it handy you know so
you can hotkey it and then do it at any
time without having to hit any
combination of buttons okay I can't show
you this now but i will show it to you
at level 25 when i go ahead and stop
recording for a second and then i'm
going to go down to the planet and find
something to kill all right here right
back all right here we are on drum and
cons you know it's kind of dark here so
go ahead and try to light this place up
nice oh man that's cool
alright
see about killing something
treating droid I choose you
are you all right so currently give me a
second here and i'll wait for the cool
down to go home it's going alright let's
try again maybe i have to already be
engaged before it'll work let's find a
strong Vasya there we go go
apparently seem to be working so that's
going to lame I don't know if that's a
bug or if I'm missing something but ever
let's try one more time
there it is inside the plant okay so
let's get away from these plans okay I
think I see something there it is yeah
okay where was that the mouse droid
anyways it's definitely not spectacular
if that's what it was supposed to be so
I'm a little disappointed but maybe
it'll change it later that's it for now
I will be back to show you the c-store
next